# Task Overview

1. Performance issue on Admin appointment list view

The appointment list admin is slow to load. <br>
Find out why and fix the performance issue. <br>
Note that you have the django debug toolbar installed.

## My Approach

I've gone through the official tutorial of Django (until part 8 where I learned to install Django debug toolbar).<br>
So, I've learned how to install Django debug toolbar, but I have little idea about how to use it appropriately.<br>

### Problem decomposition

#### Analysis

1. Since this task requires fixing a specific performance issue - slow loading speed -, I first ran the server and tested it out manually to see how 'slow' it actually is.
2. Since 'slow' is rather subjective, I did not feel that loading the appointment list was particularly slow. So, manually testing was not help.
3. Since manually testing is no help, I need some objective measurement to measure the loading speed.
4. So, I need to first figure out how to measure loading speed of this specific action - loading appointment lists.
5. I checked `Profiling', nothing obvious happened on the UI, so I turned to terminal messages/logs

Here's a list of logs:

```
[07/Oct/2024 09:26:09] "GET / HTTP/1.1" 200 14118
Not Found: /admin/polls
[07/Oct/2024 09:26:15] "GET /admin/polls HTTP/1.1" 404 18333
[07/Oct/2024 09:26:23] "GET /admin/ HTTP/1.1" 200 24481
```
Clicking on `Appointments`
```
[07/Oct/2024 09:27:46] "GET /admin/core/appointment/ HTTP/1.1" 200 74156
[07/Oct/2024 09:27:46] "GET /admin/jsi18n/ HTTP/1.1" 200 3342
```
Since nothing informative about performance issue due to a lack of objective measurement, I decided to consult with ChatGPT to on how to measure loading speed.

6. steps I followed from there:
   - Clicked on Profiling and checked the panel, `CUMTIME`: cumulative time spent in the function and all functions it called, so if the CUMTIME of calling a function is particularly high compared to other function calls, it indicates this is causing the performance overhead.
   - 
